********************************************************************************
*                             Tengai Makyou: Ziria                             *
*                     English Translation Patch Materials                      *
********************************************************************************

This package contains the source materials (code/art/script) for LIPEMCO! 
Translations' English translation project for the PC-Engine CD game Tengai 
Makyou: Ziria.

                    ****************************************
                    *          Build Instructions          *
                    ****************************************
                    
The build system is only set up for Unix-like systems, though none of the code 
is fundamentally dependent on this and could be ported with a bit of effort. 
You'll need GCC, libpng, and ImageMagick (the "convert" utility), as well as any 
dependencies of wla-dx.

You'll first need a disc image of Tengai Makyou: Ziria for the PC-Engine CD. It 
should match the following specifications:

  Redump name: Far East of Eden: Tengai Makyou: Ziria [NOTE: Revision 7]
  CRC32:       ed6bc123
  MD5:         2deae1bfcc13ffe0d4e52b59883a9376
  SHA-1:       67fe95097fd18c0e063de947430f538f3893d3ec

See http://redump.org/disc/37134/ for details.  

Note that there are two different revisions of the game, Revision 6 and Revision 
7. Revision 7 must be used to build the translation, as Revision 6 contains code 
differences that make it incompatible. Also, do not use the Super CD version of 
the game ("Hibaihin" in Redump); it's vastly different and totally incompatible.

The disc image must be in ISO+WAV+CUE format. If you need to convert from a 
different format, try using bchunk.

Once you have an ISO+WAV+CUE image, rename the files such that every track is 
named as "tenma_01.wav", "tenma_02.iso", and so on up through "tenma_06.iso". 
Copy these files into the "tenma" directory. Then:

$ cd tenma
$ ./build.sh

build.sh should then build all the necessary tools and output the translated ISO 
for track 2 as "tenma_02_build.iso". Use the provided "tenma_iso_build.cue" CUE 
sheet to run the built disc.

Note that translated game text is taken from the CSV files in the "tenma/script" 
directory. While these can be edited directly, it will probably be easier to 
instead work with the ODS files in the same folder, which are formatted ODS 
spreadsheet versions of the same content. Just run "convertscript.sh" before 
"build.sh" to convert the ODS files into the CSVs automatically (requires 
OpenOffice).

If you want to modify the project, check build.sh to see where the resources 
that get inserted into the game are coming from.

                    ****************************************
                    *              Licensing               *
                    ****************************************

See COPYING. Basically, everything by me (Supper) is GPLv3, and everything else
is under the terms of whoever wrote it.

                    ****************************************
                    *               Credits                *
                    ****************************************

                                Supper -- Hacking                              
                         TheMajinZenki -- Translation                          
                                cccmar -- Testing            
                                 rg111 -- Testing                  

